Add custom_return_attributes to LDAP documentation (#5810)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/authentication-backends/ldap.md

`rolesearch_enabled`  | Boolean. Enable or disable the role search. Default is `true`.
`custom_attr_allowlist`  | String array. Specifies the LDAP attributes that should be made available for variable substitution.
`custom_attr_maxval_len`  | Integer. Specifies the maximum allowed length of each attribute. All attributes longer than this value are discarded. A value of `0` disables custom attributes altogether. Default is 36.

> `custom_return_attributes`  | String array. Allows specifying which attributes to request from the LDAP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`custom_return_attributes`  | String array. Specifies which attributes to request from the LDAP server.
```

Author: Updated.
